Well, I think you have enough skills now to make a file-renaming script, so let's just copy the if.sh
the script and make one cold rename.sh.  Go edit that...
and then just comment: this renames files
So with that line, you can press "dd" here to remove the line if you hit escape and then "dd" it will delete
the line.
I think we just want our if/else statement here, so "i" to go back into Insert
Mode, and let's just make one called files.  We'll saveLookThaB the output of the command, 'ls'
The '$files' variable will hold all our files names in there and then we'll see if it is a file,
then
we can rename it.
So I have some image files in here that we can look at.
So I've got a bunch of these,,,uh..image files, which maybe you'd have from like a digital camera or whatever,
So let's say
files--actually, let's just do with just the image files here.
So 'IMG*'
So that should list all the files and with image, then we can move those files and rename them:
'IMG_*'
And if it's not a file--or not a file, just echo that it's not and we'll close it.  Escape ":wq"
And let's make a directory, 'mkdir', just so we can see what happens if it does run into a directory.
"mk-deer"
Oops, I think that made it in the wrong spot
'mv deer' into
'Pictures/'
Here we go.
I'm in the Pictures folder
'cat' this script here.
So here's what we had there.
So let's see what's in the '$files'.
Perfect, so that lists only your images.
So our 'mv' statement here is going to say, "move image and add an underscore to it".
So let's try to run our script.
"It's not a file."
Well, this looks like the perfect opportunity to show you about loops. =)